1. Introduction
Coffee is one of the most widely consumed beverages in the world. In the coffee processing, there is a roasting step that will produce variety of coffee bean roasts levels. There are three levels of roasting, light roast, medium roast, and dark roast. Furthermore, there are more specific coffee bean roasts levels, such as French roast, Vienna roast, Cinnamon roast, etc. Usually those terms of roasting coffee are used by master roasters/professional coffee roasters. They even taste the coffee to determine the level of roasting, as they are able to distingush coffee by their mere taste. As the initial part of this project, we propose to design a method to identify the specific coffee bean roasts levels.
Recently, there are some researches on explore any of coffee processing, such as the plant processing, the roasting processing, and grinding processing, etc. The aim is how to get specialtycoffee by its processing such as the variety of taste, aroma, and acidity. This is because from the beginning until the green beans with the result of roasting coffee has the characteristic aroma. The researched about green beans has been shown how to create a computer vision system for coffee bean classification based on computational intelligence techniques. In the roasting processing, there is a research that monitors the roasting process by using near infrared spectroscopy to be able to predict the two parameters that are most relevant copies when roasting processing.
=================

The second part of this experiment is to detect any defects in the coffee bean by image processing. Commercially the defect detection of coffee bean is done by human inspector according to the size of the coffee bean (full, half or broken). The coffee bean types and their quality are rapidly assessed through visual inspection. But the decision making capabilities of human-inspectors are subjected to external influences such as fatigue, environment, light, emotion, bias etc. With the help of image processing, we can overcome these factors and also identify any broken coffee bean. Here we discuss the various procedures used to obtain the percentage quality of coffee bean.
